Lunchcapades
a lunch-trading app for adults
*This document describes our team social contract for this project*
Reference Establishing Norms
Roles
● Taskmaster
● Gitmaster
● Testmaster
Daily process
● Morning standup started by yesterday's Taskmaster
○ New roles assigned (by yesterday’s Taskmaster)
○ Yesterday? Today? Obstacles? (by today’s Taskmaster)
● Record issues that are non-blocking and discuss at daily stand-ups
● Bring up any blocking issues after trying to debug for at least 30 min
● At 2:30pm quickly have a re-group meeting where you check-in with blockers, status updates and
plan for EOD merge
● 15 min before the end of the day re-group for final stand-up, code push, review
Team expectations
● Each of us reserves the rights to our nights and weekends, and we have all been
straightforward about when and how we can commit to working on the project(if you plan on working more on the project just 
let the team know before the end of day/weekday)
● If you have a blocking issue, slack before interrupting another’s train of coding-thought
● If you are having any issues with your work write the issue in the slack channel as to not interupt anyones work
● We will assign tasks vertically (instead of horizontally, not to assign tasks that are unrelated to previous tasks)
● Don’t interrupt - raise your hand
● Share the mic
● Disagree often and discuss -- argue infrequently
● At least message the group when you change what you are working on
● Let others know how far you go and to keep them updated
● Communicate
Issues
● If the group is divided on a certain decision we will take the following steps:
1. Take 10-15 minute break
2. List out the pros / cons
3. Vote on it
4. If the vote is split, escalate to a fellow or instructor
● If you are frustrated
○ Take a walk or get some water
○ Talk constructively about actionable items (e.g. raise your hand instead of
interrupting, let me learn and struggle until I ask you for help, etc.)
○ Bring in a 3rd party (e.g. fellow, instructor) to mediate if you feel too frustrat
